Adds Git, Auth and CLI instructions (#71)
stoplightio/platform-docs: 2.-workspaces/g.working-with-local-projects.md

## Work with Local Projects

Git is very popular, but not used by everyone. If a different version control system is in use like Mercurial, SVN, SourceSafe, Bazaar, or your team uses another way to keep all their work organized, Stoplight has you covered.

> Stoplight CLI is a command-line tool, built as an NPM module, which can publish changes to Stoplight, and have them show up in Explorer just like any other project. They won't be editable in Studio, but the content will be available to read and search like anything else. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stoplight CLI is a command-line tool, available as [an NPM module](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@stoplight/cli), which can publish changes to Stoplight, and have them show up in Explorer just like any other project. They won't be editable in Studio, but the content will be available to read and search like anything else. 
```
